# WRC LOGGER
A tool to monitor the status of a WR device running the WR Core

## Usage
Execute run_log with the following parameters:

* **-v | --verbose** : Enables extra information to the output of the program.

* **-r | --remote**  : Here you need to input the IP address of the WR device.
Example:
        run_log -r 192.168.1.2

* **-i | --interval**: This parameters specifies the timeout between each check, in seconds.
Example:
        run_log -i 60 # Check the state 1 time per minute

* **-s | --sync**    : This enables the synchronization state checking. If the
servo state is not *TRACK_PHASE* the test will alert the user.

* **-t | --temp**    : This parameters allow the tracking of the temperature of
the board. You need to input the temperature range accepted. Example:
        run_log -t 10,60 # If temperature is below 10ºC or highest than 60 ºC it will alert the user

* **-l | --conn**    : Indicates the protocol used to communicate with the WR
device. Valid protocols are *ssh* and *Etherbone*. Example:
        run_log -l ssh

* **-o | --output**  : If this flag is used the output generated will be saved to
a file. Example:
        run_log -o log.txt

* **-c | --check**   : This option is used to check a raw log generated by a
previous test. You need to specify (before -c option) which type of checking you
want, ie. -c and/or -t. Example:
        run_log -v -s -t 10,50 -c log.txt

If you use the option *-i* the test will run in continuous mode till you press
the key combination *ctrl-c*. Then the test will check the raw log generated.


# GPIO Tool
Allows to turn on or off the GPIO pins

## Installation
In order to use this tool first modify your /etc/sudores file and add under root:

{USERNAME} ALL=(ALL) NOPASSWD: /usr/local/bin gpio

## Usage
* **number**   : Change GPIO pin, only allow 17, 22 and 27. Example:
        gpio 17 on

* **status**   : Turn on or off the GPI. Example:
        gpio 17 off
